Gladelig Jul og Godt Nytar!
Merry Christmas and happy new year!
Gelukkig nieuwjaar!
Beste wensen en gelukkig niewjaar!
Beste wensen voor 2018!
Ik wens je een gelukkig jaartje, van kop tot staartje, in stap, draf of galop, en nog veel er bovenop!
Dat het nieuwe jaar Rijk mag zijn aan Mooie dagen, en veel Liefde, voorspoed en Geluk mag dragen
Een nieuw jaar: Bruisend en sprankelend, Stralend en schitterend, Gezond en gelukkig, Zorgeloos en prachtig
Het nieuwe jaar komt eraan, een fonkelend begin, in elke ster, een sprankel liefde en geluk
Proost op een gezond en zorgeloos nieuw jaar vol geluk, gezelligheid en warme vriendschap voor elkaar!
Ik wens je erg genegen zoveel geluk en zegen als er zijn druppels in de regen - Een gelukkig en gezond 2018!
Niets wat je in de winkel koopt maar dat wat je stilletjes hoopt - Dat wens ik U voor 2018!
Ik wens je een nieuw jaar bruisend en sprankelend, stralend en schitterend, gezond en gelukkig, zorgeloos en prachtig!
Dit kerststerretje schijnt helder en klaar... Zodat het jullie de weg kan wijzen naar een gezond en gelukkig nieuwjaar!
Er zit een vogeltje op een hekje Met een briefje in zijn bekje Waarop staat geschreven dat 2018 jullie alles mag geven
Ik wens je 365 dagen gevuld met warmte en licht, een nieuw jaar boordevol geluk!
Dat elke nieuwe dag je vrede geven mag en bergen van geluk Een heel jaar aan een stuk
12 maanden gezondheid, 52 weken van stil geluk, 365 kommerloze dagen - Dit zijn onze wensen voor 2018!
Prettige feestdagen!
Ik wens u: Iets goeds, iets lekkers - Iets gek, iets gekkers - Iets aardig, iets liefs - Maar hoe dan ook iets positief
Laat de warmte en geluk die kerst en nieuwjaar met zich brengen het hele jaar in je hart gloeien
Best wishes for 2018!
Tomorrow Is The First Blank Page Of A 365 Page. Write A Good One
Everyday Is A New Opportunity To Have A Fresh Start. Happy New Year 2018
Learn From Yesterday, Live For Today, Hope For Tomorrow. Happy New Year!
Wishing You A New Year Filled With New Hope, New Joy And New Beginnings
A New Year Is On The Way And The Possibilities Are Endless. Happy New Year
Old Things Are Passed Away, Behold, All Things Are Become New. Happy New Year!
This Year Believe In Yourself And Achieve Everything You Deserve. Happy New Year!
Wishing You A New Year, Bursting With Joy, Roaring With Laughter And Full Of Fun!
A New Year, A New Start And Way To Go. Wish You Successful And Glorious Happy New Year!
May This New Year Give You The Courage To Triumph Over Your Vices And Embrace The Virtues
May This New Year All Your Dreams Turn Into Reality And All Your Efforts Into Great Achievements
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man - Benjamin Franklin
For last year's words belong to last year's language. And next year's words await another voice - T.S. Eliot
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow - Albert Einstein
May the new year days be as bright as the sunshine and as calm as the moonlight. Have a wonderful year ahead!
May 'joy' be you friend, 'hope' your companion and 'love' your partner in this new year
Een nieuw begin, Een nieuw jaar, Een heerlijk gevoel samen streven naar een goed doel
Het jaar 2018 zal maar eenmaal voorbij komen maak er een nog mooier jaar van
Gelukkig nieuwjaar vol vrede en geluk - Zo kan 2018 niet meer stuk
Laat het beste van het vorige jaar het slechtste worden voor dit jaar - Een gelukkig nieuwjaar gewenst!
Onthou van 't oude jaar alleen de beste dagen en spring met nieuwe moed het nieuwe jaar tegemoet
Where there is love there is life
Be the change you wish to see in the world
Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony
In a gentle way you can shake the world
Peace is its own reward
You can do what I cannot do. I can do what you cannot do. Together we can do great things - Mother Teresa
Dat het nieuwe jaar rijk mag zijn aan mooie dagen, en veel liefde, voorspoed en geluk mag dragen
Ik wens je een nieuw jaar bruisend en sprankelend, stralend en schitterend, gezond en gelukkig, zorgeloos en prachtig!
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the New Year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves - Bill Vaughn
The object of a new year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul - G.K. Chesterton
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right - Oprah Winfrey
It is difficult to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future, and impossible to live in the past. Nothing is as far away as one minute ago - Jim Bishop
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this - To rise above the little things - John Burroughs
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot - Michael Altshuler
Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us - Hal Borland
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind - C.S. Lewis
We all get the exact same 365 days. The only difference is what we do with them - Hillary DePiano
I hope you get all your dream in your hand till end of the year - Faiz Israili
Every New Year people get you some presents but your best present you get never changes: Your own existence! It is also your best present to others! - Mehmet Murat Ildan
New year is a day, to tune the rhythm called SOUL, with best chords called EXPERIENCES and play the guitar called LIFE - Vikrmn
You can get excited about the future. The past won't mind - Hillary DePiano
Life has no remote, so wake up and change it - Sushil Singh
What the New Year brings to you will depend a great deal on what you bring to the New Year - Vern McLellan
We can find a new hope every new day and every New Year - Lailah Gifty Akita
Red onion skins and New Year's Eve have much in common - they both peel away to reveal new vibrancy - Alex Morritt
A New Year brings new grace for new accomplishments - Lailah Gifty Akita
We are the main shepherd of our fate; we are the main designer of our destiny - Mehmet Murat Ildan
Let go of what was and embrace what to be - Lailah Gifty Akita
Forget what we became, what matters is what we've become, and our potentials to overcome - Aniekee Tochukwu
It isn't only a new year; it is a new chance for everyone to restart - Mohammed Sekouty
New Year - a new chapter, new verse, or just the same old story? Ultimately we write it. The choice is ours - Alex Morritt
New Year's most glorious light is sweet hope - Mehmet Murat ildan
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change - Taylor Swift
Celebrate endings - for they precede new beginnings - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
And now we welcome the New Year, full of things that have never been - Rainer Maria Rilke
No one knows the future, yet we can't stop guessing while expecting of only the good, and not the bad or even both - Auliq Ice
Each year's regrets are envelopes in which messages of hope are found for the New Year - John R. Dallas Jr.
The love at Christmas should be with us throughout the coming year - Lailah Gifty Akita
Any new beginning is forged from the shards of the past, not from the abandonment of the past - Craig D. Lounsbrough
For a new year to bring you something new, make a move, like a butterfly tearing its cocoon! Make a move! - Mehmet Murat Ildan
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress - Charles Kettering
Hope Smiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier' - Alfred Tennyson
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Waste no tears over the grieves of yesterday - Euripides
The happiest moments of my life have been the few which I have passed at home in the bosom of my family - Thomas Jefferson
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn - Delmore Schwartz
The merry year is born Like the bright berry from the naked thorn - Hartley Coleridge
Glory to God in highest heaven, Who unto man His Son hath given; While angels sing with tender mirth, A glad new year to all the earth - Martin Luther
All of us every single year, we are a different person. I do not think we are the same person all our lives - Steven Speilberg
Approach the New Year with resolve to find the opportunities hidden in each new day - Michael Josephson
Youth is when you are allowed to stay up late on New Years Eve. Middle age is when you are forced to - Bill Vaughan
Resolve to grow if not fast then slow. Never think to quite, struggle til the last bit. Happy New Year
Your friendship is a sweet pear, Through the year; and each New Year
A new year is unfolding - like a blossom with petals curled tightly concealing the beauty within
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for
May true happiness, longevity and good fortune be with you this new year and always. Happy New Year!
Ring out the false, ring in the true - Alfred Lord Tennyson
A new heart for a New Year, always! - Charles Dickens
This is the beginning of anything you want
2018 I'm Ready. Out with the old, in with the new
I rejoice in what I have, and I greet the new with open arms - Louise Hay
A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to the world - Charles Dickens
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without - BUDDH
I'm a little bit older, a little bit wiser, a little bit rounder, but still none the wiser - Robert Paul
Think Big And Don't Listen To People Who Tell You It Can't Be Done. Life's Too Short To Think Small - Tim Ferriss
It Doesn't Matter Where You Came From. All That Matters Is Where You Are Going - Brian Tracy
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress - Charles Kettering
Of all sounds of all bells.. most solemn and touching is the peal which rings out the Old Year - Charles Lamb
his bright new year is given me To live each day with zest To daily grow and try to be My highest and my best! - William Arthur Ward
